README.md, before:

# Capstone Project: The Africa Tech Report

![Microverse bagde](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

> This is the first capstone project from microverse. I chose the theme of an annual tech magazine about the evolution of technology in Africa and all of its impact on people's lives.

## Screenshots

- **Mobile:**
![Mobile screenshot](./assets/images/mobile.png)

- **Laptops/Desktops:**
![Computer screenshot](./assets/images/computer.png)

## Built With

- HTML/CSS
- Vanilla JS
- Technologies:
  - Git/Github
  - Fontawesome
  - Material Design

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://jssol.github.io/africa-tech-report/)

## Author

👤 **Jonathan Sivahera**

- GitHub: [@jssol](https://github.com/jssol)
- Twitter: [@jsivahera](https://twitter.com/jsivahera)
- LinkedIn: [Jonathan Sivahera](https://linkedin.com/in/jsivahera)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Acknowledgement



## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add attributions sections and video

README.md, after:

# Capstone Project: The Africa Tech Report

![Microverse bagde](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

> This is the first capstone project from microverse. I chose the theme of an annual tech magazine about the evolution of technology in Africa and all of its impact on people's lives.

## Screenshots

- **Mobile:**

---
![Mobile screenshot](./assets/images/mobile.png)

- **Laptops/Desktops:**

---
![Computer screenshot](./assets/images/computer.png)

## Built With

- HTML/CSS
- Vanilla JS
- Technologies:
  - Git/Github
  - Fontawesome
  - Material Design

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://jssol.github.io/africa-tech-report/)

## Intro video

> By watching this short video, you will have a better understanding of our project and mission.

[What is The Africa Tech Report?](#url)

## Author

👤 **Jonathan Sivahera**

- GitHub: [@jssol](https://github.com/jssol)
- Twitter: [@jsivahera](https://twitter.com/jsivahera)
- LinkedIn: [Jonathan Sivahera](https://linkedin.com/in/jsivahera)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Acknowledgments

- This website is based off of [Cindy Shin's](https://www.behance.net/adagio07) design on Behance.
- Here's is the link to the [design work](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015).
- This work is under the CC Commons license 4.0

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
